sitting on the joint conditioner in the
final stage because I I let them sit for
5 minutes on conditioner and then I
rinsed off the conditioner I washed them
with the joy of shampoo and then I was
fixing that when I filmed some part of
it now I'm on this part where you just
let it sit for 5 minutes with this
conditioner and towel dry so now that
they're told ride I'm going to be using
this so here they are drying and I am
very pleased this is all that came off
and I've used I've found about five sets
of urine eggs hair extensions and every
time I wash them a bunch of hair would
fall off and this literally is nothing
this is just like probably two strands
of hair look at that that's awesome
and I can just show you my sink so you
can see that I'm not lying
there's absolutely no hair here look at
that there's just one two little pieces
I don't know what those are from and
that's just my sink is scratched that's
how it came when we run in so that's it
no fall out or nothing like that
see how many pieces of hair it is one
strand two it's two and then like a
little piece right there so yeah at the
most three out of the entire set right
here